Document API behaviour for service response data (#2137)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/rest.md

}
```

> By default, a call will return a list of states that have changed while the service was being executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of states that have changed while the service was being executed, and optionally response data, if supported by the service.
```

]
```

:::tip
The result will include any states that changed while the service was being executed, even if their change was the result of something else happening in the system.
:::

> If the service you're calling supports returning response data, you can retrieve it by adding `?return_response` to the URL. Your response will then contain both the list of changed entities and the service response data.

Author: There is an example later on.

```json
{
    "changed_states": [
        {
            "attributes": {},
            "entity_id": "sun.sun",
            "last_changed": "2024-04-22T20:45:54.418320-04:00",
            "state": "below_horizon"
        },
        {
            "attributes": {},

>             "entity_id": "process.Dropbox",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "entity_id": "binary_sensor.dropbox",
```

Reviewer 2: All entities in the state machine should always be lower case

Author: That's copy-pasted from another example in this same document.

https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/blob/5d9b6a8a7658ed4dee96fd523f337ee16b7e4d17/docs/api/rest.md?plain=1#L390

https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/blob/5d9b6a8a7658ed4dee96fd523f337ee16b7e4d17/docs/api/rest.md?plain=1#L651

Are those wrong too? They look like very old examples, if the date in the sample data is to be believed.

Reviewer: Yes, they are also wrong
